PROJECTThis project is developed an online Job Portal for the Placement Dept. of the company. The system is an online application that can be accessed throughout the organization and outside as well with proper login provided. This system can be used as an Online Job Portal for the Placement Dept of the organization to manage the student information with regards to placement. Students logging should be able to upload their information in the form of a CV. Visitors/Company representatives logging in may also access/search any information put up by Students. The project has been planned to be having the view of distributed architecture, with centralized storage of the database. The application for the storage of the data has been planned. Using the constructs of MS-SQL Server and all the user interfaces have been designed using the ASP.Net technologies. The database connectivity is planned using the SQL Connection methodology. The standards of security and data protective mechanism have been given a big choice for proper usage. The application takes care of different modules and their associated reports, which are produced as per the applicable strategies and standards that are put forwarded by the administrative staff. The entire project has been developed keeping in view of the distributed client server computing technology, in mind. The specification has been normalized up to 3NF to eliminate all the anomalies that may arise due to the database transaction that are executed by the general users and the organizational administration. The user interfaces are browser specific to give distributed accessibility for the overall system. The internal database has been selected as MS-SQL server 200.The basic constructs of table spaces, clusters and indexes have been exploited to provide higher consistency and reliability for the data storage. The MS-SQL server 200 was a choice as it provides the constructs of high-level reliability and security. The total front end was dominated using the ASP.Net technologies. At all proper levels high care was taken to check that the system manages the data consistency with proper business rules or validations.
